If you’re an enterprise device user, you’ll need to sign in to your Samsung business account before you can launch your Galaxy AI features.
To sign in, go to the Settings app, then tap Galaxy AI.
If you're using a fully managed device, tap Continue.
On the following screen, enter your business account email, then tap Sign in.
If you have a Corporate Owned, Personally Enabled devices, first select your work profile, then tap Continue.
After signing in, you’ll see the list of available Galaxy AI features assigned to you by your admin.
If an AI feature is blocked by your admin, you’ll see the feature on screen,
but you won’t be able to use the feature or configure any settings.
Note that you may be required to download some AI features,
even if your admin granted you permission to use them.
If you want to use a specific Galaxy AI feature, tap the feature name to configure its settings.
In our example, we’ll configure the Interpreter app by downloading additional language packs
and enabling the Tap to talk option.
When you launch the Galaxy AI app for the first time,
you may also be required to enable certain app permissions before the app can be used.
Let’s take a close look at one of the most powerful Galaxy AI features that can be used for business purposes: the Interpreter app.
The Interpreter app can significantly enhance business productivity
by facilitating seamless communication in multilingual environments.
If you wish to sign out of your Samsung business account on your device,
you can do so by opening the Settings app, then tapping Accounts and backup.
On the next screen, tap Manage accounts,
Then tap the Samsung account icon, then tap Remove account.
On the Sign out screen, enter your Samsung business account password, then tap OK.
To learn more about Samsung account for business and the topics covered in this video,
please see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!